Full descriptions as text attribute in products

5678253444
Ray-Ban Clubmaster eyeglasses are retro and timeless. Inspired by the 50''s, the unmistakable design of the Clubmaster Optics is worn by cultural intellectuals, those who lead the changed tomorrow. Choose the iconic Clubmaster eyeglasses design in a variety of frames. While wearing Ray-Ban RB5154 Clubmaster Optics design, you’ll always make a statement. The frame is square, gloss black, and made of acetate. Advantages of Ray-Ban prescription lenses: DST technology (Ray-Ban''s innovative Digital Surface Technology is engineered to take your vision to the next level. Crystal clear, with an extra wide field of vision), Ray-Ban signature (your personalized Ray-Ban eyewear is engraved with our iconic signature on the right lens and the RB initials on the left), insurance benefits (no matter whether you''re in- or out-of-network, Ray-Ban makes using insurance easy. You can apply your vision insurance plan and spend your FSA & HSA dollars with us. Insurance plans may vary. Consult your benefits for details).

1234567890
1234567891
1234567892
Flower power is for everyone! Feel your greatest in this season''s Holiday Best Lace. Stretchy, slightly textured Holiday Best Lace (major plus: this lays flat under all your ''fits!) Love x 2: wear as a tank or as a bralette under your fave tee!
Racerback. Removable padding! Wear it with, wear it without—you decide! Adjustable straps for a fit that''s all you. XL & XXL are made with extra coverage for your best fit. 88% nylon, 12% elastane. Care: use a mild detergent and cool water, or hand wash for extra care + always air dry. Imported.

0900276151
Crisp Bergamot, Patchouli, Lily of the Valley with Natural Essential Oils. Awaken your senses with the energy of the outdoors! These nature-inspired fragrances were developed with nature-identical ingredients through a patented technology called Phytogaia®. These fragrances include the replication of “phytocides” which are natural emissions from trees and plants. PHYTOGAIA is a trademark of Givaudan S.A.
Your next outdoor autumn adventure awaits. This bright, woodsy Single Wick Candle is made with an exclusive blend of soy-based wax and the highest concentration of natural essential oils in a simple, single fragrance. Each candle contains a lead-free wick that won''t burn out. Candle melts consistently and evenly, radiating enough fragrance to fill an entire room, with a burn time of approximately 25 - 45 hours! Topped with a decorative twist-on lid, candle measures 2.75"" wide x 3 1/2"" tall.
To prevent fire and serious injury:
Always trim wick to 1/4 inch before lighting and keep debris out of wax pool. Never burn longer than 4-hour intervals. Set candle on heat-resistant surface and avoid drafts. Always burn within sight and extinguish before leaving room. Don’t burn near things that catch fire. Keep away from children and pets. Don’t extinguish with water. Always let wax harden before relighting, touching or moving.

1120939482
FIT AND DESIGN:
Standard fit gloves
Lightweight
5 Dimensional Fit™ ensures consistent sizing
Youth-specific Radiametric Articulation™ keeps hands in their natural relaxed position
Four-way-stretch, brushed Sherpa fleece on interior offers a warm and cozy feel
Synthetic-suede palm overlay with silicone gripper dot print on palm achieves a better grip
Suede pull tab makes the gloves easy to put on and take off
TECHNOLOGY:
FlashDry™ woven fabric over knuckles helps gloves to dry quickly
U|R® Powered fleece on palm allows them to use touchscreen devices while keeping their gloves on
Etip™ functionality enhances touchscreen capabilities
Country of Origin : Imported
Style : NF0A3M3O
Fabric : Solid shell: 100% polyester bonded Sherpa fleece; Heather shell: 100% polyester heathered bonded Sherpa fleece; Palm: 100% polyester fleece; Knuckle overlay: 86% polyester / 14% elastane; Palm overlay: 92% polyester / 8% elastane
Brand : The North Face

6589770381
BREATHABLE MESH SHOES FOR NON-STOP COMFORT.
When you''re charged up and activated, nothing can stand in your way. At least, nothing should stand in your way. Comfort is key here, and these adidas ZX 1K Boost Shoes are packed with it, thanks to a half-Boost, half-EVA midsole (otherwise known as a winning combo). Take to the streets. Be there a while. These are along for the whole ride, keeping you feeling good as you go.
SPECIFICATIONS
Lace closure
Knit mesh upper with overlays and weldings
Comfortable and stable feel
Half Boost midsole, half EVA midsole
Textile lining
Rubber outsole
Imported
Product color: Core Black / Core Black / Core Black
Product code: H68721

1029239402     
Uncover the hidden wonders of Tsushima in this open-world action adventure from Sucker Punch Productions and PlayStation Studios, available for PS5 and PS4.
Forge a new path and wage an unconventional war for the freedom of Tsushima. Challenge opponents with your katana, master the bow to eliminate distant threats, develop stealth tactics to ambush enemies and explore a new story on Iki Island.
Director''s Cut Edition features all additional content released to date, as well as brand new content:
Full game. Iki Island expansion: New story, mini-games, enemy types and more.* Legends online co-op mode.** Digital mini art book. One Technique Point.* Charm of Hachiman’s Favor.* Hero of Tsushima Skin Set: Golden Mask, Sword Kit, Horse, Saddle.* Director’s commentary: The creative team sits down with a renowned Japanese historian to look at the world of Ghost of Tsushima and how it compares to the real-life events that inspired it.

1347346234     
1347346235
Product Details
Get moving in this high-impact, on-trend training shoe, with all the technology and support you need for even the most intense workouts.
Custom engineered mesh upper with multicolor print in a training shoe style with a round toe
Lace-up front with adjustable cording and back pull tab
Anatomical Precise-Return™ insole for extra arch & heel support
RZX: RE-ZORB® high-impact cushioning in the heel & Ultra Flex forefoot for the best in cushioning and flexibility
Rubber outsole with strategic flex grooves
Pivot Point on the outsole makes turning easy

2098475123
Plastic frame, composite lens, non-polarized
Lens width: 55 millimeters
Lens height: 43.1 millimeters
Bridge: 16 millimeters
Arm: 140 millimeters
Brand: Michael Kors Model: Santa Clara; MK4067U Style: Full Rim Square
Frame/Temple Color: Clear/Gold - 3015 Size: Lens-55 Bridge-16 B-Vertical Height-43.1 ED-Effective Diameter-59.4 Temple-140mm Gender: Women''s
1-Year Manufacturer Warranty Frame Material: Plastic Geofit: Global Base: Base 4
Prescription-ready
Imported
